---
---
Redovisning kmom02
=========================
<li class="quest">Vad tycker du om LESS och det sättet vi jobbar med LESS-moduler?</li>
<li class="answer">I actually have not found any better than writing a normal CSS. I move the kmom01.css to the layout.css and then make theme. But it includes a lot of other .less file, such as normalize.less, FontAwesome.less and etc. So the website can have more functions.</li>
<li class="quest">Är du bekant med Makefiler och make sedan tidigare, eller något liknande byggverktyg? Vad anser du om det?</li>
<li class="answer">I am not aware of Makefiler before. It does not need more information than just run "make theme" in this course. <i class="fas fa-smile" ></i></li>
 <li class="quest">Hur kändes det att kompilera LESS till CSS, var det något du reflekterade över?</li>
 <li class="answer">It was not so hard to use it. When it compiles, it compiles all the files with .less under src folder so it affects kmom01_v2.css. Why we should distribute kmom02.less to base.less and layout.less?</li>
 <li class="quest">Kommentera ditt tema, hur kan man beskriva dess design och hade du några planer på “design” när du byggde ditt tema?</li>
 <li class="answer">I have no clue of theme here until now just do according to the guide in kmom02. As I understand, normally it would be fashion for stylish company, high-end for luxious brands, colorful theme for kids oriented company and etc. Maybe you can say I have a simple and light color theme for my website. I do not know what design or theme I should I have in the future maybe something very colorful.</li>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<li class="answer">I have learned a bit of Make, Less and how to use FontAwesome. I have learned how to style navbar, footer, region main to match responsive way. For the main area, I use flex box which is so easy to control three columns. For the footer part I use float. I add the below in responsive.less.
<pre>
@media screen and (max-width: 680px) {
    .rm-small {
        display: block;
    }

    .rm-desktop {
        display: none;
    }

// let the main region to show in column
    .inner-wrap-main .row {
        flex-direction: column;
    }

// let the footer region to show div default block mode, to remove float
    .footer-column {
        clear: both;
        width: 100%
    }
}
</pre>
</li>
<br>
