---
---
Redovisning kmom03
=========================
<li class="quest">Hur känns det att vara styrd till ett vertikalt grid, hämmande eller stödjande?</li>
<li class="answer">It is really hard to understand why we should use Grid. </li>
<li class="quest">Hur känns det att jobba med ett typografiskt horisontellt/baseline grid, ser du någon poäng med det?</li>
<li class="answer">I think the main point to use typograph grid is to standadize the website and make the style of font align everywhere and looks nicer and clean.</li>
 <li class="quest">Berätta om hur du valde typsnitt till din webbplats.</li>
 <li class="answer">I have no idea what to use so I picked the one that looks good in my eyes. I import from google, add it to typography-font-families.less and named it to @fontFamilyLobster, then apply it to all the headings and reigon-header.<pre>
 @fontFamilyLobster : 'Lobster Two', cursive;
 @fontFamilyHeadings: @fontFamilyLobster;
 @fontFamilyBody:     @fontFamilyHelveticaNeue;
 @fontFamilyCode:     "monospace";
 @magicNumber:  24px;  // 22px
 @fontSizeBody: 16px;
 </pre></li>
 <li class="quest">Har du jobbat med liknande gridbaserade layouttekniker sedan tidigare?</li>
 <li class="answer">No, I have never heard it.</li>
 <li class="quest">Hur känns det att jobba med LESS och moduler? Lyckas du återanvända moduler mellan teman för kmom02 och kmom03?</li>
 <li class="answer">I have got little info of LESS but I have not really got what is inside the LESS module such as grid.less. For eg. I want to use Flex for my page but I did not succeed because I do not know what has been default set when gridType is flex. I have not use the same LESS and moved layout.less to vgrid-float.less for kmom03. </li>
 <li class="quest">Hur gick det med din responsivitet för webbplatsen?</li>
 <li class="answer">That is working quite good with float but no try on flex.</li>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<li class="answer">I have learned what is vgrid and hgrid and how to use them to in the website and use a google font.</li>
